.. note::

    Hello, welcome to the SunFounder Raspberry Pi & Arduino & ESP32 Enthusiasts Community on Facebook! Dive deeper into Raspberry Pi, Arduino, and ESP32 with fellow enthusiasts.

    **Why Join?**

    - **Expert Support**: Solve post-sale issues and technical challenges with help from our community and team.
    - **Learn & Share**: Exchange tips and tutorials to enhance your skills.
    - **Exclusive Previews**: Get early access to new product announcements and sneak peeks.
    - **Special Discounts**: Enjoy exclusive discounts on our newest products.
    - **Festive Promotions and Giveaways**: Take part in giveaways and holiday promotions.

    ðŸ‘‰ Ready to explore and create with us? Click [|link_sf_facebook|] and join today!

.. _cpn_relay:

Relay
==========================================

|img_relay|

As we may know, relay is a device which is used to provide connection
between two or more points or devices in response to the input signal
applied. In other words, relays provide isolation between the controller
and the device as devices may work on AC as well as on DC. However, they
receive signals from a microcontroller which works on DC hence requiring
a relay to bridge the gap. Relay is extremely useful when you need to
control a large amount of current or voltage with small electrical
signal.

There are 5 parts in every relay:

**Electromagnet** - It consists of an iron core wounded by coil of
wires. When electricity is passed through, it becomes magnetic.
Therefore, it is called electromagnet.

**Armature** - The movable magnetic strip is known as armature. When
current flows through them, the coil is it energized thus producing a
magnetic field which is used to make or break the normally open (N/O) or
normally close (N/C) points. And the armature can be moved with direct
current (DC) as well as alternating current (AC).

**Spring** - When no currents flow through the coil on the
electromagnet, the spring pulls the armature away so the circuit cannot
be completed.

Set of electrical **contacts** - There are two contact points:

-  Normally open - connected when the relay is activated, and disconnected when it is inactive.

-  Normally close - not connected when the relay is activated, and connected when it is inactive.

**Molded frame** - Relays are covered with plastic for protection.

The working principle of relay is simple. When power is supplied to the
relay, currents start flowing through the control coil; as a result, the
electromagnet starts energizing. Then the armature is attracted to the
coil, pulling down the moving contact together thus connecting with the
normally open contacts. So the circuit with the load is energized. Then
breaking the circuit would a similar case, as the moving contact will be
pulled up to the normally closed contacts under the force of the spring.
In this way, the switching on and off of the relay can control the state
of a load circuit.

|img_relay_sche|


* `Relay - Wikipedia <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relay>`_

**Example**

* :ref:`py_relay` (For MicroPython User)
* :ref:`ar_relay` (For Arduino User)