.. note::

    Hello, welcome to the SunFounder Raspberry Pi & Arduino & ESP32 Enthusiasts Community on Facebook! Dive deeper into Raspberry Pi, Arduino, and ESP32 with fellow enthusiasts.

    **Why Join?**

    - **Expert Support**: Solve post-sale issues and technical challenges with help from our community and team.
    - **Learn & Share**: Exchange tips and tutorials to enhance your skills.
    - **Exclusive Previews**: Get early access to new product announcements and sneak peeks.
    - **Special Discounts**: Enjoy exclusive discounts on our newest products.
    - **Festive Promotions and Giveaways**: Take part in giveaways and holiday promotions.

    ðŸ‘‰ Ready to explore and create with us? Click [|link_sf_facebook|] and join today!

.. _cpn_mpu6050:

MPU6050 Module
===========================

**MPU6050**

|img_mpu6050|

The MPU-6050 is a 6-axis(combines 3-axis Gyroscope, 3-axis
Accelerometer) motion tracking devices.

Its three coordinate systems are defined as follows:

Put MPU6050 flat on the table, assure that the face with label is upward
and a dot on this surface is on the top left corner. Then the upright
direction upward is the z-axis of the chip. The direction from left to
right is regarded as the X-axis. Accordingly the direction from back to
front is defined as the Y-axis.

|img_mpu6050_a| 


**3-axis Accelerometer**

The accelerometer works on the principle of piezo electric effect, the
ability of certain materials to generate an electric charge in response
to applied mechanical stress.

Here, imagine a cuboidal box, having a small ball inside it, like in the
picture above. The walls of this box are made with piezo electric
crystals. Whenever you tilt the box, the ball is forced to move in the
direction of the inclination, due to gravity. The wall with which the
ball collides, creates tiny piezo electric currents. There are totally,
three pairs of opposite walls in a cuboid. Each pair corresponds to an
axis in 3D space: X, Y and Z axes. Depending on the current produced
from the piezo electric walls, we can determine the direction of
inclination and its magnitude.

|img_mpu6050_a2|


We can use the MPU6050 to detect its acceleration on each coordinate
axis (in the stationary desktop state, the Z-axis acceleration is 1
gravity unit, and the X and Y axes are 0). If it is tilted or in a
weightless/overweight condition, the corresponding reading will change.

There are four kinds of measuring ranges that can be selected
programmatically: +/-2g, +/-4g, +/-8g, and +/-16g (2g by default)
corresponding to each precision. Values range from -32768 to 32767.

The reading of accelerometer is converted to an acceleration value by
mapping the reading from the reading range to the measuring range.

Acceleration = (Accelerometer axis raw data / 65536 \* full scale
Acceleration range) g

Take the X-axis as an example, when Accelerometer X axis raw data is
16384 and the range is selected as +/-2g:

**Acceleration along the X axis = (16384 / 65536 \* 4) g**  **=1g**

**3-axis Gyroscope**

Gyroscopes work on the principle of Coriolis acceleration. Imagine that
there is a fork like structure, that is in constant back and forth
motion. It is held in place using piezo electric crystals. Whenever, you
try to tilt this arrangement, the crystals experience a force in the
direction of inclination. This is caused as a result of the inertia of
the moving fork. The crystals thus produce a current in consensus with
the piezo electric effect, and this current is amplified.

|img_mpu6050_g|

The Gyroscope also has four kinds of measuring ranges: +/- 250, +/- 500,
+/- 1000, +/- 2000. The calculation method and Acceleration are
basically consistent.

The formula for converting the reading into angular velocity is as
follows:

Angular velocity = (Gyroscope axis raw data / 65536 \* full scale
Gyroscope range) Â°/s

The X axis, for example, the Accelerometer X axis raw data is 16384 and
ranges + / - 250Â°/ s:

**Angular velocity along the X axis = (16384 / 65536 \* 500)Â°/s** **=125Â°/s**

**Example**

* :ref:`py_mpu6050` (For MicroPython User)
* :ref:`py_somato_controller` (For MicroPython User)
* :ref:`py_bubble_level` (For MicroPython User)
* :ref:`ar_mpu6050` (For Arduino User)