README.md, before:

# SunFounder Kepler Kit
This repository is for Kepler Kit. you can buy it on [our website](https://www.sunfounder.com/), or search sunfounder in Amazon.

Quick Links:

 * [About this kit](#about_this_kit)
 * [Update](#update)
 * [Trouble Shootings](#trouble)
 * [About SunFounder](#about_sunfounder)
 * [License](#license)
 * [Contact us](#contact_us)

<a id="about_this_kit"></a>
## About this kit:

This kit contains a variety of components, including displays, sounds, drivers, controllers and sensors, which allows you to gain a comprehensive understanding of electronic devices.

Additionally, we offer three programming languages. MicroPython, C/C++ (Arduino) and Piper Make are all available. To help you get started quickly, each language has targeted and interesting projects, so you can pick one that meets your needs.


<a id="update"></a>
## Update:
2023-09-01:
    - Add introduction links for all components used in all projects.

2023-08-31:
    - Optimized the installation of Arduino IDE, configuration of Pico W, and tutorial for adding libraries.
    - Removed all references in Arduino projects that directed to the quick guide.
    - Revised the introduction of the ultrasonic sensor module.

<a id="trouble"></a>
## Trouble Shootings:

<a id="about_sunfounder"></a>
## About SunFounder
SunFounder is a company focused on STEAM education with products like open source robots, development boards, STEAM kit, modules, tools and other smart devices distributed globally. In SunFounder, we strive to help elementary and middle school students as well as hobbyists, through STEAM education, strengthen their hands-on practices and problem-solving abilities. In this way, we hope to disseminate knowledge and provide skill training in a full-of-joy way, thus fostering your interest in programming and making, and exposing you to a fascinating world of science and engineering. To embrace the future of artificial intelligence, it is urgent and meaningful to learn abundant STEAM knowledge.

<a id="license"></a>
## License
This is the code for Kepler Kit.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied wa rranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

kepler-kit comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details run ./show w. This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; run ./show c for details.

SunFounder, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program 'kepler-kit' (which makes passes at compilers).

Mike Huang, 21 August 2015

Mike Huang, Chief Executive Officer

Email: service@sunfounder.com

<a id="contact_us"></a>
## Contact us:
website:
    www.sunfounder.com

E-mail:
    service@sunfounder.com

Commit message:

update the need libs lessons

README.md, after:

# SunFounder Kepler Kit
This repository is for Kepler Kit. you can buy it on [our website](https://www.sunfounder.com/), or search sunfounder in Amazon.

Quick Links:

 * [About this kit](#about_this_kit)
 * [Update](#update)
 * [Trouble Shootings](#trouble)
 * [About SunFounder](#about_sunfounder)
 * [License](#license)
 * [Contact us](#contact_us)

<a id="about_this_kit"></a>
## About this kit:

This kit contains a variety of components, including displays, sounds, drivers, controllers and sensors, which allows you to gain a comprehensive understanding of electronic devices.

Additionally, we offer three programming languages. MicroPython, C/C++ (Arduino) and Piper Make are all available. To help you get started quickly, each language has targeted and interesting projects, so you can pick one that meets your needs.


<a id="update"></a>
## Update:
2024-09-11:
- Update Arduino and Micropython project images and code related to DHT11, Keypad, IR receiver, MFRC522.
- Modify other minor details

2023-09-01:
    - Add introduction links for all components used in all projects.

2023-08-31:
    - Optimized the installation of Arduino IDE, configuration of Pico W, and tutorial for adding libraries.
    - Removed all references in Arduino projects that directed to the quick guide.
    - Revised the introduction of the ultrasonic sensor module.

<a id="trouble"></a>
## Trouble Shootings:

<a id="about_sunfounder"></a>
## About SunFounder
SunFounder is a company focused on STEAM education with products like open source robots, development boards, STEAM kit, modules, tools and other smart devices distributed globally. In SunFounder, we strive to help elementary and middle school students as well as hobbyists, through STEAM education, strengthen their hands-on practices and problem-solving abilities. In this way, we hope to disseminate knowledge and provide skill training in a full-of-joy way, thus fostering your interest in programming and making, and exposing you to a fascinating world of science and engineering. To embrace the future of artificial intelligence, it is urgent and meaningful to learn abundant STEAM knowledge.

<a id="license"></a>
## License
This is the code for Kepler Kit.
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied wa rranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

kepler-kit comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details run ./show w. This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it under certain conditions; run ./show c for details.

SunFounder, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program 'kepler-kit' (which makes passes at compilers).

Mike Huang, 21 August 2015

Mike Huang, Chief Executive Officer

Email: service@sunfounder.com

<a id="contact_us"></a>
## Contact us:
website:
    www.sunfounder.com

E-mail:
    service@sunfounder.com
